Update CONTRIBUTING - newsfragments and other changes (#1395)
dials/dials: CONTRIBUTING.md

  Remember that someone may be looking at your commit in several years time,
  trying to work out the reason for your commit and wondering what on earth you
  were thinking. That someone may be you.

## Pull Requests

> - Include a newsfragment before merging. This is a file with a description of
>   your change, to go in the release notes - often less technical than a commit
>   message. This is a file numbered to match the issue or pull request in
>   the `newsfragments` folder - our current list of categories and what to call
>   this can be found [here][news-README]. These are processed on release by the
>   release manager with a tool named [towncrier]. This can be added after you've
>   created the pull request, if you don't have an issue number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include a newsfragment before merging. This is a file in the
  `newsfragments` folder with a description of your change. Try to make it
  a one-sentence summary aimed at a DIALS user, not a developer. The file is
  numbered to match the issue or pull request and has 
  [one of the allowed extensions from the list][news-README]. 
  If you don't have an issue number you can also add that file after you've
  created your pull request. Newsfragments are processed on release by a
  tool named [towncrier] and make up our release notes. 
```
I really do not like "click [here](https://uxp.de)" links.

Author: That's reasonable, but I've also got quite high pressure away from multi-word links (never completely clear if one or more links). I flip-flopped back and forth.

>   tool named [towncrier] and make up our release notes. 

Reviewer 2: Suggest
```
  If you don't have an issue number you can also add the file after you've
￼  created your pull request and use the PR number. Newsfragments are
  processed on release by a tool named [towncrier] and make up our release notes. 
```

  clean representation of the implementation of your change, by e.g. using
  `git rebase` - This helps people to understand your changes easier.

## Code linting, automatic formatting and static analysis

- **Please use the pre-commit hooks**. If using the DIALS bootstrap installer
  then this will be done automatically. Otherwise, use `libtbx.precommit
  install` - if in the libtbx ecosystem - or manually install the hooks with
  `pre-commit install`. These use the [pre-commit] tool and ensure that
  various sanity checks are run before commit, including import order,
  formatting, syntax compatibility, basic flake8 checks, lack of conflict
  markers and file size limits. Basically, most of the essential rules will be
  checked automatically by this.
- **We format python code with [black]**. This means that while writing code
  you don't have to worry about laying things out neatly, because black will
  take care of the formatting. We prefer if you commit code formatted with
  black (the pre-commit hook will help do this for you), but if for some reason
  you miss this, the whole codebase is auto-cleaned once a week. Most IDEs

>   and editors have support for running formatters like black frequently or
>   automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and editors have support for running formatters like black automatically.
```
Just shorter. And black is idempotent so it doesn't matter how frequently you run it.

- **Avoid introducing new flake8 warnings** - if you feel that it's appropriate

>   to violate a warning, mark it up explicitly with a [noqa] comment. The most

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to ignore a warning, mark it up explicitly with a [noqa] comment. The most
```

  important subset of checks are run as part of the pre-commit checks, but
  please try to resolve any other valid warnings shown with a normal run of

>   flake8. The configuration in the repository turns off any that disagree with
>   black's interpretation of the rules, or standard practice in our repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  flake8. The configuration in the repository turns off any warnings that
  disagree with our standard practice.
```

[pre-commit]: https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit

> [black]: https://github.com/python/black

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[black]: https://github.com/psf/black
```
